docs/Errors.md, before:

# Errors











## Errors

### AlreadyClaimed

```solidity
error AlreadyClaimed()
```






### AlreadyConverted

```solidity
error AlreadyConverted()
```






### AlreadyInitialized

```solidity
error AlreadyInitialized()
```






### AlreadyRegisteredVault

```solidity
error AlreadyRegisteredVault()
```






### AlreadySigner

```solidity
error AlreadySigner()
```






### AlreadyStaked

```solidity
error AlreadyStaked()
```






### BeforeEarliestUnsubscribe

```solidity
error BeforeEarliestUnsubscribe()
```






### DeadlinePassed

```solidity
error DeadlinePassed()
```






### DueDatesTooClose

```solidity
error DueDatesTooClose()
```






### DuplicateAddresses

```solidity
error DuplicateAddresses()
```






### EmptyRepaymentSchedule

```solidity
error EmptyRepaymentSchedule()
```






### ExpiresBeforeRepayAllowed

```solidity
error ExpiresBeforeRepayAllowed()
```






### FirstDueDateTooClose

```solidity
error FirstDueDateTooClose()
```






### InconsistentUnlockTokenAddresses

```solidity
error InconsistentUnlockTokenAddresses()
```






### IncorrectGaugeForLpToken

```solidity
error IncorrectGaugeForLpToken()
```






### InsufficientBalance

```solidity
error InsufficientBalance()
```






### InsufficientSendAmount

```solidity
error InsufficientSendAmount()
```






### InsufficientVaultFunds

```solidity
error InsufficientVaultFunds()
```






### InvalidActionForCurrentStatus

```solidity
error InvalidActionForCurrentStatus()
```






### InvalidAddress

```solidity
error InvalidAddress()
```






### InvalidArrayIndex

```solidity
error InvalidArrayIndex()
```






### InvalidArrayLength

```solidity
error InvalidArrayLength()
```






### InvalidBTCOracle

```solidity
error InvalidBTCOracle()
```






### InvalidBorrower

```solidity
error InvalidBorrower()
```






### InvalidCollUnlock

```solidity
error InvalidCollUnlock()
```






### InvalidDelegatee

```solidity
error InvalidDelegatee()
```






### InvalidFee

```solidity
error InvalidFee()
```






### InvalidGaugeIndex

```solidity
error InvalidGaugeIndex()
```






### InvalidGracePeriod

```solidity
error InvalidGracePeriod()
```






### InvalidNewLoanTerms

```solidity
error InvalidNewLoanTerms()
```






### InvalidNewMinNumOfSigners

```solidity
error InvalidNewMinNumOfSigners()
```






### InvalidOffChainMerkleProof

```solidity
error InvalidOffChainMerkleProof()
```






### InvalidOffChainSignature

```solidity
error InvalidOffChainSignature()
```






### InvalidOracleAnswer

```solidity
error InvalidOracleAnswer()
```






### InvalidOracleDecimals

```solidity
error InvalidOracleDecimals()
```






### InvalidOraclePair

```solidity
error InvalidOraclePair()
```






### InvalidOracleVersion

```solidity
error InvalidOracleVersion()
```






### InvalidQuote

```solidity
error InvalidQuote()
```






### InvalidRepayAmount

```solidity
error InvalidRepayAmount()
```






### InvalidRepaymentSchedule

```solidity
error InvalidRepaymentSchedule()
```






### InvalidRollBackRequest

```solidity
error InvalidRollBackRequest()
```






### InvalidSendAmount

```solidity
error InvalidSendAmount()
```






### InvalidSender

```solidity
error InvalidSender()
```






### InvalidSignerRemoveInfo

```solidity
error InvalidSignerRemoveInfo()
```






### InvalidWithdrawAmount

```solidity
error InvalidWithdrawAmount()
```






### LTVHigherThanMax

```solidity
error LTVHigherThanMax()
```






### LoanIsFullyRepaid

```solidity
error LoanIsFullyRepaid()
```






### NegativeRepaymentAmount

```solidity
error NegativeRepaymentAmount()
```






### NeitherTokenIsGOHM

```solidity
error NeitherTokenIsGOHM()
```






### NoDefault

```solidity
error NoDefault()
```






### NoLpTokens

```solidity
error NoLpTokens()
```






### NonWhitelistedCallback

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedCallback()
```






### NonWhitelistedCompartment

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedCompartment()
```






### NonWhitelistedOracle

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedOracle()
```






### NonWhitelistedToken

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedToken()
```






### NotInSubscriptionPhase

```solidity
error NotInSubscriptionPhase()
```






### NotInUnsubscriptionPhase

```solidity
error NotInUnsubscriptionPhase()
```






### OffChainQuoteHasBeenInvalidated

```solidity
error OffChainQuoteHasBeenInvalidated()
```






### OnChainQuoteAlreadyAdded

```solidity
error OnChainQuoteAlreadyAdded()
```






### OutsideConversionTimeWindow

```solidity
error OutsideConversionTimeWindow()
```






### OutsideRepaymentTimeWindow

```solidity
error OutsideRepaymentTimeWindow()
```






### OutsideValidRepayWindow

```solidity
error OutsideValidRepayWindow()
```






### OverflowUint128

```solidity
error OverflowUint128()
```






### RepaymentIdxTooLarge

```solidity
error RepaymentIdxTooLarge()
```






### SubscriptionAmountTooHigh

```solidity
error SubscriptionAmountTooHigh()
```






### TooSmallLoanAmount

```solidity
error TooSmallLoanAmount()
```






### TotalSubscribedNotTargetInRange

```solidity
error TotalSubscribedNotTargetInRange()
```






### TotalSubscribedTooLow

```solidity
error TotalSubscribedTooLow()
```






### Uninitialized

```solidity
error Uninitialized()
```






### UnknownOnChainQuote

```solidity
error UnknownOnChainQuote()
```






### UnregisteredGateway

```solidity
error UnregisteredGateway()
```






### UnregisteredLoanProposal

```solidity
error UnregisteredLoanProposal()
```






### UnregisteredVault

```solidity
error UnregisteredVault()
```






### UnsubscriptionAmountTooLarge

```solidity
error UnsubscriptionAmountTooLarge()
```






### WaitForLoanTermsCoolOffPeriod

```solidity
error WaitForLoanTermsCoolOffPeriod()
```






### WithdrawEntered

```solidity
error WithdrawEntered()
```

Commit message:

renamed lenderGracePeriod to unsubscribeGracePeriod as well as corresponding constant; updated check for time between due dates to be independent of grace periods; added check for zero values in loanTokenDue or collTokenDueIfConverted; updated natspec and inline comments

docs/Errors.md, after:

# Errors











## Errors

### AlreadyClaimed

```solidity
error AlreadyClaimed()
```






### AlreadyConverted

```solidity
error AlreadyConverted()
```






### AlreadyInitialized

```solidity
error AlreadyInitialized()
```






### AlreadyRegisteredVault

```solidity
error AlreadyRegisteredVault()
```






### AlreadySigner

```solidity
error AlreadySigner()
```






### AlreadyStaked

```solidity
error AlreadyStaked()
```






### BeforeEarliestUnsubscribe

```solidity
error BeforeEarliestUnsubscribe()
```






### DeadlinePassed

```solidity
error DeadlinePassed()
```






### DueDatesTooClose

```solidity
error DueDatesTooClose()
```






### DuplicateAddresses

```solidity
error DuplicateAddresses()
```






### EmptyRepaymentSchedule

```solidity
error EmptyRepaymentSchedule()
```






### ExpiresBeforeRepayAllowed

```solidity
error ExpiresBeforeRepayAllowed()
```






### FirstDueDateTooClose

```solidity
error FirstDueDateTooClose()
```






### InconsistentUnlockTokenAddresses

```solidity
error InconsistentUnlockTokenAddresses()
```






### IncorrectGaugeForLpToken

```solidity
error IncorrectGaugeForLpToken()
```






### InsufficientBalance

```solidity
error InsufficientBalance()
```






### InsufficientSendAmount

```solidity
error InsufficientSendAmount()
```






### InsufficientVaultFunds

```solidity
error InsufficientVaultFunds()
```






### InvalidActionForCurrentStatus

```solidity
error InvalidActionForCurrentStatus()
```






### InvalidAddress

```solidity
error InvalidAddress()
```






### InvalidArrayIndex

```solidity
error InvalidArrayIndex()
```






### InvalidArrayLength

```solidity
error InvalidArrayLength()
```






### InvalidBTCOracle

```solidity
error InvalidBTCOracle()
```






### InvalidBorrower

```solidity
error InvalidBorrower()
```






### InvalidCollUnlock

```solidity
error InvalidCollUnlock()
```






### InvalidDelegatee

```solidity
error InvalidDelegatee()
```






### InvalidDueDates

```solidity
error InvalidDueDates()
```






### InvalidFee

```solidity
error InvalidFee()
```






### InvalidGaugeIndex

```solidity
error InvalidGaugeIndex()
```






### InvalidGracePeriod

```solidity
error InvalidGracePeriod()
```






### InvalidNewLoanTerms

```solidity
error InvalidNewLoanTerms()
```






### InvalidNewMinNumOfSigners

```solidity
error InvalidNewMinNumOfSigners()
```






### InvalidOffChainMerkleProof

```solidity
error InvalidOffChainMerkleProof()
```






### InvalidOffChainSignature

```solidity
error InvalidOffChainSignature()
```






### InvalidOracleAnswer

```solidity
error InvalidOracleAnswer()
```






### InvalidOracleDecimals

```solidity
error InvalidOracleDecimals()
```






### InvalidOraclePair

```solidity
error InvalidOraclePair()
```






### InvalidOracleVersion

```solidity
error InvalidOracleVersion()
```






### InvalidQuote

```solidity
error InvalidQuote()
```






### InvalidRepayAmount

```solidity
error InvalidRepayAmount()
```






### InvalidRollBackRequest

```solidity
error InvalidRollBackRequest()
```






### InvalidSendAmount

```solidity
error InvalidSendAmount()
```






### InvalidSender

```solidity
error InvalidSender()
```






### InvalidSignerRemoveInfo

```solidity
error InvalidSignerRemoveInfo()
```






### InvalidWithdrawAmount

```solidity
error InvalidWithdrawAmount()
```






### LTVHigherThanMax

```solidity
error LTVHigherThanMax()
```






### LoanIsFullyRepaid

```solidity
error LoanIsFullyRepaid()
```






### NegativeRepaymentAmount

```solidity
error NegativeRepaymentAmount()
```






### NeitherTokenIsGOHM

```solidity
error NeitherTokenIsGOHM()
```






### NoDefault

```solidity
error NoDefault()
```






### NoLpTokens

```solidity
error NoLpTokens()
```






### NonWhitelistedCallback

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedCallback()
```






### NonWhitelistedCompartment

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedCompartment()
```






### NonWhitelistedOracle

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedOracle()
```






### NonWhitelistedToken

```solidity
error NonWhitelistedToken()
```






### NotInSubscriptionPhase

```solidity
error NotInSubscriptionPhase()
```






### NotInUnsubscriptionPhase

```solidity
error NotInUnsubscriptionPhase()
```






### OffChainQuoteHasBeenInvalidated

```solidity
error OffChainQuoteHasBeenInvalidated()
```






### OnChainQuoteAlreadyAdded

```solidity
error OnChainQuoteAlreadyAdded()
```






### OutsideConversionTimeWindow

```solidity
error OutsideConversionTimeWindow()
```






### OutsideRepaymentTimeWindow

```solidity
error OutsideRepaymentTimeWindow()
```






### OutsideValidRepayWindow

```solidity
error OutsideValidRepayWindow()
```






### OverflowUint128

```solidity
error OverflowUint128()
```






### RepaymentIdxTooLarge

```solidity
error RepaymentIdxTooLarge()
```






### RepaymentOrConversionAmountIsZero

```solidity
error RepaymentOrConversionAmountIsZero()
```






### SubscriptionAmountTooHigh

```solidity
error SubscriptionAmountTooHigh()
```






### TooSmallLoanAmount

```solidity
error TooSmallLoanAmount()
```






### TotalSubscribedNotTargetInRange

```solidity
error TotalSubscribedNotTargetInRange()
```






### TotalSubscribedTooLow

```solidity
error TotalSubscribedTooLow()
```






### Uninitialized

```solidity
error Uninitialized()
```






### UnknownOnChainQuote

```solidity
error UnknownOnChainQuote()
```






### UnregisteredGateway

```solidity
error UnregisteredGateway()
```






### UnregisteredLoanProposal

```solidity
error UnregisteredLoanProposal()
```






### UnregisteredVault

```solidity
error UnregisteredVault()
```






### UnsubscriptionAmountTooLarge

```solidity
error UnsubscriptionAmountTooLarge()
```






### WaitForLoanTermsCoolOffPeriod

```solidity
error WaitForLoanTermsCoolOffPeriod()
```






### WithdrawEntered

```solidity
error WithdrawEntered()
```
